## Description

The first model focuses on the first two items in our list of features, duration and intensity. A sine wave oscillator is used to create a series of sound events with a consistent pitch and combined with a short burst of noise on the attack that adds emphasis to the beginning of each event. The consistent pitch means that these sound events form a horizontal line of tall peaks across the bottom of the model, with the noisy attack creating vertical ridge at the left edge of each event. The events are designed to form three groups, with each cluster having a consistent duration. The eight events in the first group have the shortest duration, so their peaks form thin triangles that are flexible and actually rather fragile. The gaps between them only measure about a half centimeter, so they are not wide enough to fit fingers between the peaks. Their intensity gradually increases from the first to the fifth peak, which is tallest of the group, then recedes to the eighth peak in the group. The four events in the second group are twice the duration of the events in the first group, so they are thicker and more stable. They feature the same rising and falling pattern of intensity changes, with the third peak in the group of four being the tallest. Here the gap between these four peaks is almost a centimeter, so it may be possible for smaller fingers to fit between the peaks. The final cluster is actually a single sustained tone with a duration equal to the earlier groups that crescendos and decrescendos over its duration. Because of its longer duration, this event forms the largest and most stable peak on the entire model. The shape is somewhat reminiscent of an arrowhead, with the tip capturing the moment of highest intensity for this sound event in the right corner of the model's foreground.

## Listen

Play the following movie to hear the original sound recording. Be sure to unmute playback, otherwise it will be silent.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/464655/171911967-b39b4dfe-d170-475d-9c60-33315a6bf7f3.mp4
